---
title: "Q3 Release Version 4.4.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2019Release:
        title: "Q3 V 4.4.0"
        weight: 2
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2019Q3Release
---
Product Release Version: 4.4.0   
Release notes were published and last revised in September 2019. 
Updates in this release includes New Feature Enhancements, Integration Enhancements
& Adapters Development. 

Log in to [portal](https://portal.appseconnect.com/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2f#!) to access the latest version of Workflow, 
API Manager etc. or to download the latest version of APPSeCONNECT AGENT.
    
The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on September 2019 release.  

**Highlights of the release features are mentioned below**.

## New Features and Enhancements

**Introducing Data Purge Policy in APPSeCONNECT - For Cloud Storage Optimization**  

Data Purge Policy is a vital feature for APPSeCONNECT which will give full 
governance to the users for maintaining storage of runtime data, 
viz. transactional logs, process log for a defined time interval. 

This will optimize the better utilization of resources in your environment,
thereby allowing lesser footprints on the environment you maintain as well as ours. Thus the local, as well as cloud storage of APPSeCONNECT Agent is optimized for better resource utilization

`Key features that optimizes storage`

- Data retention policy automatically removes old data which are more than 15 days old, helping the user to concentrate only on newer application transactions. 

- This will reduce overall data usage and considerably improve performance.

- In On-Premise Agent, data compression technique will allow logs to be even smaller in size. 

- Daily notification system is available to indicate Clean up job execution. The notification can be viewed from Feeds section of APPSeCONNECT Portal.

**Presenting APPSeCONNECT Evaluation Report – For Failed Integration Summary**

APPSeCONNECT users will get hourly report in the form of email notifications 
which is configurable by the user.  

- Report is generated only for failed items synchronizations. 

- Report is generated on daily data sync process which is triggered aided with a predefined rule. 

- Report captures detailed failure or error details for each entry.

**Enhanced Morning Report - For Capturing the Sync Activities Summary (both On Premise & Cloud)**

[Morning Report](https://docs.appseconnect.com/rule/default-rule-for-morning-report/) updates users about the data synchronization status for each connection, on daily basis. There are two major enhancements that have been implemented in Morning Report.

- With this Release, the report has been implemented in APPSeCONNECT Rule engine, so that rule will get triggered on default scheduled time for all organization user.

- The existing report have been enhanced with inclusion of an additional column for tracking data that have been resynced successfully and are older than 24 hours.

**Enhanced Workflow Feature in APPSeCONNECT – For smooth data sync**

Users of APPSeCONNECT will get enhanced workflow which makes it more robust
and active.

Key Speciality of enhanced workflows are:

- Resuming Workflow - The concept of [resuming workflow](https://docs.appseconnect.com/resuming%20workflows/resuming-workflows/) comes into play when a workflow execution (executed through Autosync) is stopped midway because of the system dependability. The user does not need to restart the workflow instead the workflow would resume from the node it stopped.

- Enhanced Migration tool for migrating Resumable Workflow Tables.

- Notification Message in Workflow page - A pop-up message in the Workflow page, when there is no application added or any connection configured in the organisation to follow the pre-required steps.

- Implementing execution of APPSeCONNECT [Workflow]() using Cloud Agent

- User of APPSeCONNECT would now be able to Delete and Purge, all the data from the Cloud Agent Resync Bucket.

**Enhanced View of Tracking data - For workflow/touchpoint execution**

- Users of APPSeCONNECT would now be able to implement the [Tracking Data]() feature in both Cloud & OP Agent
-  to track specific attributes related to the sync process.   

- Tracking Data user interface has gone robust with the new ADD and DELETE ALL button for easy usability of this feature.

**Autosync Scheduling for failed data in Resync Bucket in Cloud Agent**  

APPSeCONNECT users will now be able to attempt the Resync of the failed data 
automatically through Autosync mechanism.

- Autosync of Resync will be implemented in both the agents. 

- Each failed data would only get 4 attempts - 1 for a normal try & 3 for resync.

**Revamped Environment Panel – For easy management**

APPSeCONNECT users can now view and manage advanced Environment Services and Processes by themselves.

- Users can now diagnose details whenever an event gets triggered, services get scheduled, inter-process communication status etc.

- The Advanced Environment panel in the portal will now display the - Processor details, Properties, Plugins & Settings option.

**Generic REST adapter  for organisation specific applications**   

APPSeCONNECT generic [REST](/connectors/Overview-of-GenericRest-Adapters/) adapters can integrate any REST based applications 
that are specific to an organisation. Users can create [custom connectors]()
for any REST based data sources or applications endpoints. 

You need to validate the REST adapter using the applications credentials 
for the sync process after deploying the connectors.

APPSeCONNECT Generic REST Adapter supports the following authentication types:

- [Basic Authentication](/connectors/BasicAuthentication/) – Basic Authentication uses the base-64 encoding method for authorizing the credential.

- [OAuth 2.0](/connectors/OAuth2.0/) - Oauth 2.0 authorizes a token for accessing user application.

9.    License key-based authentication for APPSeCONNECT Agent – For enhanced Security.

**License key-based authentication approach is security enhancement**  

This mechanism authenticates users who try to log in to the integration 
client using a secure and unique [license](/license%20management/license-management/) key which is provided by the server.  

## Integration Enhancements

Given below are the integration areas of this release:

**Magento 2 (Multi-Store) and MS Dynamics NAV Integration.**

This feature syncs data from Magento 2 (Multi-store) and MS Dynamics NAV and vice versa so that sync requirements between the applications are met. This integration is available.
Here the following components will be synced successfully from Magento 2 (Multi-store) to MS Dynamics NAV with all details:

- Adding Sales Orders
- Adding Simple Products
- Tax Class Master Data
- Attribute Sets, Attribute, Attribute Options Master Data
- Item Categories Master Data

Here the following components will be synced successfully from 
MS Dynamics NAV to Magento 2 (Multi-store) with all details.

- Adding Customers
- Adding Simple Products
- Adding Shipments
- Adding Invoice
- Adding Configurable Products
- Updating Simple Products
- Updating Configurable products
- Updating Customers

## Adapter & Plugins

**Dynamics 365 Business Central Adapter**

APPSeCONNECT introduces the adapter for the application Dynamics 365 Business Central Adapter which helps in syncing data when integrated with different applications.

**Adapter for Generic REST**

APPSeCONNECT introduces the generic REST adapter insert link for applications that supports REST protocol, which helps in syncing data when integrated with different applications using both the OP Agent. & Cloud Agent.

**Adapter for WooCommerce**

APPSeCONNECT introduces the enhanced adapter for the application WooCommerce 
which helps in the pagination while syncing bulk data, when integrated with 
different applications.

 As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 

