---
title: "Q4 Release Version 2.5.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2015Release:
        title: "Q4 V 2.5.0"
        weight: 1
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2015Q4Release
---
Product Release Version: 2.5.0   

Bug bash release focusses mainly on removing bugs from the product and enhancing the 
already existing components to deliver bug free and better product experience 
to our customers. This release is taken once in a year such that all the enhancement that we made throughout the whole year are properly brushed up. The Bug Bash release for year 2015 contains following enhancements.

## Agent / APPSeCONNECT Sync tool

* We have enhanced the sync tool to support skipping functionalities such that our connector can track every data that is downloaded from Source.  
* The Skipped data can also be resynced from the Sync bucket to success or failure.  
* With the new version of APPSeCONNECT agent, we can now determine the transformation failure and can also comment what kind of problem that causes data failures from our logs.  
* We provide search / copy feature in Resync panel so that you can use the search box to easily find an entry.  
* You will be receiving notification to agent when even a connection name is edited in the server. Accordingly, you can refresh your configuration in agent.  
* We have also fixed an issue with auto-sync service which ensures the service now runs with less privileges and also can notify problems.  
* We fixed the issue of multiple instance of service running on the same machine.    
* In addition to these, we have also fixed a couple of hundred new bugs with the release.    

## For Administration

* We fixed some of the data issues by linking wikis with actual features, adding default value mappings, todos etc.
* The administrator can now check the data problems directly from our platform like whether agent is running, if primary agent is turned down etc.
* Variables can now be sorted directly from our admin portal.
* We fixed problems with custom attribute mapping such that the configuration is secure in cloud.
* We now show invalid mapping in attribute mapping page of admin, this will enable easy identification of all the issues a mapping container have in one page.
* We have fixed a hell lot of UI related bugs during this release.

## ﻿﻿Integration﻿﻿

We have introduced SAP B1 DIS with WooCommerce as a new connector to the platform.
We have improved the following existing connectors:  

SAP DIS ⇔ Magento  
Navision ⇔ Salesforce 
Navision ⇔Shopify  

We have some major / minor fixes to each and every connector.

We have also worked considerably on our Magento B2B Extension to give you better experience.




