---
title: "Q4 Release Version 4.1.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2018Release:
        title: "Q4 V 4.1.0"
        weight: 1
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2018Q4Release
---
Product Release Version: 4.1.0   
Release notes were published on January 2019 and last revised in December 2018. 
Updates in this release include New Feature Development & Enhancements, 
Integration Enhancements, Workflows, API Management, Adapters, Plugins, 
Agents and Product Documentation.
     
Log in to [portal](https://portal.appseconnect.com/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2f#!) to access the latest version of Workflow, API Manager etc. or
to download the latest version of APPSeCONNECT AGENT, PLUGINS, ADAPTERS.

The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on January 2019 release. 

## New Apps Supported

* 3PL

## New Features & Enhancements

**Enhancements**

**Accessing and Adding pre-packaged workflows from Portal**

APPSeCONNECT workflow has gone robust with the availability of `accessing and adding pre-packaged 
workflows` from Portal. The ease of choosing and accessing the pre-packaged [workflow](/workflow/overview/) in the portal 
will give the experience of using workflow conveniently thereby making the data integration business
fluid.  

**Better log management in Priority adapter**
The Priority Adapter has got a new feather in the cap, by the ability in effective log management 
and the capability of data sync of [Priority](/connectors/priority/) with any application on the go.  

**Plugin Support for Database Usage for Dynamics GP**
The MS Dynamics GP Adapter now comes packed with Plugin support which makes it vigorous by supporting
multiple databases for storing logs in different databases and making integration with 
MS Dynamics GP strong in On-Premise environment.  

## Integration Enhancements

**Priority-Shopify** 
This feature syncs data from Priority-Shopify and vice versa so that user sync requirements between the applications are met. 
* Here Sales Order can be added from Shopify to Priority and can be synced successfully with all details. 
* Here Inventory can be updated, and sync can be done from Priority to Shopify.

**New Features**

**APPSeCONNECT Platform**


**Conditional Mapping on Target XML** 

Mapping in APPSeCONNECT Portal has upgraded to another level with the Introduction 
of `IF-ELSE Condition Mapping`. The Mapping structure is now implemented and executed according
to the `If-Else-If statement syntax` which enables smooth data transformation by applying 
Conditional Mapping.

The following attractions of Conditional Mapping are mentioned below:

* Define condition over Target XML - Conditions are implemented in the XML codes which is used for the data transformation process in APPSeCONNECT.
* Support nested If statement on any level - The user can now map the attributes using nested if the structure which enables the usage of an IF Function inside another an IF.

**Grouping of Conditions**
The Platform provides the user with the functionality of Grouping of Conditions per business requirements thereby catering to business scenarios seamlessly. The users can now have multiple conditions that are interlinked or grouped.

The following attractions of Grouping of Conditional Mapping are mentioned below:

* Support Standard duplicate check - Introducing the intuitive user interface in the mapping section of the portal for easy checking of duplicate data during the mapping process.
* Support for grouping in condition builder – APPSeCONNECT users can now implement multiple conditions under one IF node for reducing data redundancy while data integration.

**Data-view process of workflow snapshot**
APPSeCONNECT introduces “specially designed snapshot to view workflow execution” over the data transferred through integration. The users can now get the complete overview of the transaction made at the node level in the user interface.

The following specialty of workflow snapshot is given below:

* Relate with snapshot to inspect integration behaviour - Displays the internal behaviour of the Integration process through snapshot as displaying the process of execution.
* Data and process logs in same window - You can explore the data packet, process logs and even the data logs for each process execution.
* Inspect input and output files directly from portal - Privilege to view the input, and output XML packets for a detailed understanding of the transform process.  
* Open snapshot from Re-sync data bucket - Displays the error log of the executed workflow in the snapshots Re-sync bucket.** 

**APPSeCONNECT API Management**
APPSeCONNECT being an [API management](/api-management/overview/) platform allows to create, manage, deploy, maintain APIs for an organization such that the APIs can be easily tracked inside the organization.

The functionality added to APIM includes:

* Execution of API management through cloud agent – API’s created in the APPSeCONNECT portal can now be executed over the APPSeCONNECT cloud Agent.
* XML output conversion to JSON Format or vice versa – The response output from the API should be converted to XML if the API configured is XML or JSON if its configured as JSON.
* Defining Static and Dynamic Filters – APPSeCONNECT users can now define action parameters and Action Filters for various operations in an API. Operations such as GET, PUT, POST and DELETE.
* Using Action Filters in the API Backend– Action filters can now be added/edited to an API, after its creation.

**APPSeCONNECT Adapter & Plugins**

**OLE Database Generic Adapter with APIM support**
APPSeCONNECT brings to the user with OLE Database Generic Adapter which supports the OLEDB based applications to implement any connection to data sources & also supports API Management.

**Two in one step to Upload the adapter & Update Native App Resources**
APPSeCONNECT Portal now comes packed with the functionality of uploading & adding Adapter in the portal where the user can upload the adapter for an app and update the native app resources all in one go. This integral functionality saves time and eases out the integration process.

**Pre-packaged MySQL plugin as backend database** 
APPSeCONNECT now provides pre-packaged MySQL plugin for storage such that the user can use MYSQL as backend database.

**Learning Portal** 
APPSeCONNECT Grammar & Syntax Tutorial is available on our learning portal, to know more Click here

**APPSeCONNECT Public Doc Portal**  
Updated Product Documentation is available online, to know more [Click here](https://docs.appseconnect.com/)

As always for any support, please mail us to support@appseconnect.com.



