---
title: "Q1 Release Version 3.8.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2018Release:
        title: "Q1 V 3.8.0"
        weight: 4
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2018Q1Release
---

Product Release Version: 3.8.0   
Release notes were published and last revised in April 2018. 
Updates in this release includes introduction to New features, 
Portal & Integration, Enhancements, Adapters, Extensions, Agents and Product Documentation.  

Log in to [portal](https://portal.appseconnect.com/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2f#!) to access the latest version of
of APPSeCONNECT AGENT, PLUGINS, ADAPTERS. 
     
The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on April 2018 release.  

**Highlights of the release features are mentioned below**.

## New Apps Supported

- Acumatica
- Microsoft Dynamics GP
- Micsosoft Dynamics 365 CRM
- ePages
- OroCommerce


## New Features & Enhancements
**Agent**

**New Action Clean-Up on Rules**    
This will allow you to perform a regular cleanup job on the platform whenever there is a low disk space or there is memory pressure. 
The cleanup ensures that the application runs smoothly over longer time.

**Portal**  

**Cloud Execution of Touchpoint from Web**    
Users can now sync, re-sync, filter, purge, delete, schedule data for touchpoint 
from the portal, so that all the on-premise activities can be performed for cloud 
agent with ease.  

**Cloud-to-Cloud**  
**Smart UI for App Credential**
You can now design the UI Credential page for application as defined in the adapter. 
This feature will help an implementer to develop a smart UI such that they can design 
and deliver the cloud-based credential screen to its customers.   

**Organization Specific App Credential**   
This feature will give its users an option to view the Application specific credential 
data for all cloud-supported apps while designing the Smart UI page.  

**Migration of Admin APIs to Service fabric.**   
This feature will help its users to get the benefits service fabric for easy 
deployment, packaging, upgrading of scalable applications that run on a cluster or 
shared pool of machines.  

**Execution Calculator**   
This feature will allow you to keep track of no. of touchpoint executions in auto 
mode for a specified interval of time.  

**Environment Setup for cloud hosted application**   
This feature will allow its users to create separate cloud environment for projects 
where cloud hosting is enabled.  

**Credential Creation for Cloud Hosting Apps in Base**   
Smart UI Credential designer and creator form is given to users for feeding the 
credentials of cloud-hosted applications in the base.  

**Connection Setup feature and activation**  
This will allow you to have a separate pop up window to choose the credentials that are provided for cloud-hosted apps from the connection page of the organization. To access this feature, cloud environment needs to be activated beforehand. Connection Activation or Deployment in Cloud Agent from Portal.

**Smart Credentials UI Designer**     
This will provide you with controls that are draggable to generate the smart form in
WYSIWYG way. Each control has some pre-defined properties that can be set for the 
design.  

**Search Criteria in Feeds Page**     
This feature has been included for Audit Trail so that feeds can be filtered out 
easily using date and topic filters.  

## Integration Enhancements

- LightSpeedPOS-Shopify
- SAPB1-Magento2B2B
- SAPB1-BigCommerce
- SAPB1-OroCommerce
- SAPB1SL-ePages
- DynamicsGP-Shopify
- Acumatica-Shopify
- Dynamics 365 CRM-WooCommerce  

 As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 





