---
title: "Q3 Release Version 3.6.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2017Release:
        title: "Q3 V 3.6.0"
        weight: 2
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2017Q3Release
---
Product Release Version: 3.6.0     
Release notes were published and last revised in October 2017. 

With fall closing in, APPSeCONNECT welcomes you with yet another brand new release and with lots of new and anticipated features. We continued with our never ending quest of bringing innovation closer to your expectation.
Some of them are merely adding up to the solution while some are improving the capabilities of the product.  As a partner you would love to see what all changes we made during this period that were added to the platform.
Let us have a quick look at the features which are freshly added to the solution: 
  
**Highlights of the release features are mentioned below**.

## Whats New in Cloud

**Sequencer in Workflow**

In some applications, the ability to process information in specific order is important
 or is a business need and you see the APIs provided by the application does not 
support such case. In those scenarios, proper data sequencing is needed to ensure 
that information delivered to the receiving application to be in an order. 
Taking this business need into account, we have improved the way of workflow by 
adding Sequencer to it. Sequencer is an independent process property which can 
sequence your data after your API is already responded which eliminates the need 
of customization in the application itself.  

You can now add Sequencer node and lineup the items that you intend to transfer from 
one application to another based on a specific field. For example, while syncing 
a customer if you get multiple addresses you can sequence the addresses alphabetically.    You can also sort business partner data as per their id with the help of sequencer node.

**Activity Tracker**  

In this release, we also present you with Activity Tracker, which will help you 
in tracking APPSeCONNECT activities of Trial and LIVE customers. It will keep
 you updated about the synchronization status between your chosen application 
such as project state, when the last sync happened and what was the sync volume 
and when the project will get expired etc. So, with this feature on, you can keep 
an eye on sync activities at anytime from anywhere. This feature comes very handy 
to implementation partners and ISV partner to constantly track the customers.    

## What’s New in Agent

**Independent Access of Agent Activities from Cloud**  

Now, you can view Agent specific real time information in cloud using Auto Sync 
service only without the need of keeping the Agent open in your on-premise. 
This improvisation has reduced memory consumption issue to a great extent, as it 
has curtailed application’s dependency on more than one process at a time.    

**Independent Auto Sync of Real Time touch-points**  

In the same line, we have also improvised the real-time touchpoints execution process 
by enabling them to run independently via auto sync service. They can now be executed 
even when APPSeCONNECT Agent is off.  

## Integrations

On Integration precinct, we not only worked on improving existing connectors but also 
introduced new connectors strengthening our extensive list of integration solution.    

Lets have a quick look on our latest additions:

**SAP B1 and Magento 2.0 B2B Integrations** 

In our earlier releases, we brought Magento B2B extension with credible features. This time, we extended that support by providing its integration with our core ERP solution, that is SAP B1. This connector has been worked upon considering growing business needs for automating information sync specifically to cater B2B customers and providing them a competitive edge in the current market.

Here are the integration points:

- Contact Person Sync
- Sales Representative Sync
- Configurable Product Sync
- Customer Sync
- Tier Price Sync from SAP B1 to Magento2
- Order Sync from Magent2 to SAP B1
- Shipment Sync
- Pricelist Sync from SAP B1 to Magento2

Other than the above basic integration, we have also enhanced the capability of this 
integration solution by allowing sync of linked products mainly upsell, cross-sell 
and related products along with parent simple products and configurable products from 
SAP B1. This feature has catered the business need of customers who want to manage 
their products from their ERP. Now, SAP B1 users can easily set upsell, cross sell 
and related products and that can be synced to Magento.  

**Dynamics AX and Magento B2C Integrations** 

Another new offering adding up to our list of integration solution, is Dynamics AX and Magento B2C connector. MS Dynamics AX integration can be considered as one of the most practical choice for anyone who wants to simplify their complex business operation by accurately syncing information in no time.

APPSeCONNECT currently supports one-way integration from Magento to Dynamics AX:

- Product Sync
- Customer Sync
- Sales Order Sync

**NAV Generic and Shopify Integrations** 

Though we have already provided our customer with NAV and Shopify integration solution earlier. This time, we revamped NAV Adapter again and made it more generic, so that business users can have the ease to connect any version of NAV with their application through APPSeCONNECT platform.

We have covered almost all the integration points, which we have earlier offered in its predecessor:

- Customer Sync
- Product Sync
- Sales Order Sync from Shopify to NAV
- Variant Price Update from NAV to Shopify
- Inventory Update from NAV to Shopify
- Shipment Sync

With our current set of features in your perusal and plenty more to come in the
upcoming releases, APPSeCONNECT is becoming one such platform where you can 
visualize your entire business at a go.

 As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 

