---
title: "OAuth2.0 Authentication"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "REST"
weight: 6
menus: 
    resttechnology:
        icon: fa fa-gg
        category: "OAuth2.0 Authentication"
        title: "OAuth2.0 Authentication"
        identifier: oauth2.0authentication
---
# Process to Configure OAuth2.0 in Generic Rest Adapter

To configure the OAuth2.0 Authentication type for Generic Rest Adapter follow the steps given below:

1. Login to APPSeCONNECT Portal and choose the desired application (Rest Supported Application).

2. Create Connection between the application.

**Protip:** Here you will get a connection for Hubspot (which supports OAUTH 2.0 for authentication) where you can view the validation
details as required 
{: .notice--info}.

3. Go to the App Configuration page on your OP Agent, provide the details after selecting OAUTH2.0 from Authentication Type.

4. Provide the Authentication Credential and the Base URL.

The Authentication fields for OAUTH 2.0 are: 

* Client ID – This is generated when the client logs into the Application.
* Client Secret – This field is also generated by the REST supported Application.
* Call Back URL –  This is the secondary URL required for data restoration.
* Authentication URL – This URL is generated along with the Client ID and Client Secret in the REST application itself.
* Access Token URL 
* Scope (Optional) 
* Access Type (optional) 
* Grant – Authorization Code

**Protip:** By default, SCOPE is an optional field in AEC Agent, but for some applications providing scope is mandatory, 
you need to provide the SCOPE for those applications 
{: .notice--info}


5. Here, we need to generate token which can be done by clicking `VALIDATE` button.

6. On clicking the Validate button, it will redirect you to the Application Specific Page where you need to login 
   with the credential that you have provided during the Account Creation.

7. Once, you have logged in, click on the Mail Service Provider. This will redirect you to blank page. 
   Make sure that you do not close the blank page. Once done, click on Generate Token on your OP agent.

8. Select the Content-Type as JSON. Click on Validate and SAVE.

**Protip:**  Similarly, for the other Authorization Type for REST APPLICATION as well, we have similar process of integration
{: .notice--info}