---
title: "Q1 Release Version 3.4.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2017Release:
        title: "Q1 V 3.4.0"
        weight: 4
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2017Q1Release
---

Product Release Version: 3.4.0   
Release notes were published and last revised in March 2017. 

APPSeCONNECT welcomes you in the first quarter release of 2017 with many new 
features and improvements as part of our current offerings. We constantly assess 
the potential of our product and over time fill in those capabilities with more
 innovative, feature rich versions. We also do continuous enhancements in selected 
areas to make them well equipped for future expectations. On one hand, we are pleased 
to announce changes that will help our partners, implementers to visualize and handle 
business efficiently all by themselves and also on the other hand we are excited to 
introduce our customers with our first ever APPSeCONNECT BOT to keep you connected 
with us whenever you want to through your instant messaging app.   

Lets have a quick preview of our current list of features:

## Whats ﻿New﻿ In ﻿Administration

If you are an ISV, Implementer or developer, you will enjoy the following offerings:

* In our last release, we have introduced you with the Workflow to have a feel of 
APPSeCONNECT graphical solution for handling your business process. This time, we 
enhanced this feature further to reduce the complexity and deliver better results 
with minimum effort.The redesign is centered around two core area: to have a better 
control of the synchronizing touchpoints and to speed up the synchronization process.  
  
* You can now have a better control over the execution of your business activities through workflow by using delay, halt and resume features which lets you defer a certain process for a specific amount of time or even change the execution order of business processes. The elements will allow the implementer to orchestrate the business process based on their requirements. Earlier our workflow were designed for sequential execution, one activity at a time i,e you get a record,process it and then send it to your destination application. Once the entire operation is complete, then only the next process will start. Though the design was straightforward, it causes lag between first and next execution. In the new version of workflow we introduced Self loop feature, to handle recurrence of selected activity for finite no. of times. This feature has not only improved workflow performance but has resulted in faster synchronization.

* You can easily manage the execution order of elements in a workflow using Pre and Post links. This feature has optimized the process of workflow execution.

* We also did revamping of our Workflow UI to have a better edge over navigation, action assignments, order of execution etc.
* Our Administration portal is continually growing. You will be happy to know that we have included drag and drop feature for code snippets which will help the developers to quickly find common code to tweak a functionality.
* Implementers and Sales can now collaboratively manage their client’s subscription through subscription calculation feature. They can have clear visibility of the total amount client needs to pay for their integrations.
* We have also given face lift with unique functionalities to some of our existing Administrations screens such as project specific action filter and touchpoint pages.

## Whats New In Agent

* We have provided a separate interface in our Sync Tool where you can add and reuse same credentials for multiple connections available in cloud.
* You can now schedule recurrence of your workflows at the time of their execution from Agent itself.
* We have enabled the Resync feature to keep track on the activities performed on a workflow execution. You can now easily resync multiple touchpoints at a time. It’s a time saving feature with better throughput results.
* We have also resolved few common memory leakage problems with which the chances of software aging has been reduced with enhanced performance.
* Daily status notifications to multiple recipients is now possible through our Agent. One can also schedule the timing when they want to receive those notification.
* We have worked on compatibility parameters of our Sync Tool. It is now equally compatible with any versions of Windows Operating System, lower (eg. <Win 8) and higher version with same quality checks.
 
## Introducing BOT  

Alongside we have also introduced conversational bots with the release of AI based 
web service feature APPSeCONNECT BOT. This feature is currently available over skype 
messenger. With this helper assistant by your side, you can ask any questions about 
APPSeCONNECT and will get an instant response. It will help in understanding on how 
do we integrate, what are our supported apps and also about pricing and subscription 
details.  

## Integrations

With this Release, APPSeCONNECT has also extended its list by providing integration 
solution between popular applications.Let’s have a sneak peek on what connectors we 
are presenting this time:

This time we thought of streamlining the business operation with Opencart and SAP B1 basic integration.

* Customer Sync
* Product Sync
* Order Sync

* We have also included Shoppingcartelite and SAP B1 integration solution with basic touchpoints. Our team is currently working on improvising this solution to support multiple integration points in future.
* We extended our reach by providing seamless integrations between popular marketplaces like shopify store with online accounting software zoho books. Currently, the solution will allow business owners to sync their customer information between shopify and Zoho Books so any transactions associated with the contact can immediately be reconciled.

## Extensions

In B2B eCommerce segment, we are offering our extension that supports B2B with Magento 2.0. This time, we have revamped our package further to garner our user with some more new features, here we go:

* Customer Group specific Catalog/category access. With this feature, the store owners will have control to display or hide store content and restrict purchase of specific category products to specific customer groups according to their business policy.
* Quick Order feature - This feature is more on personalizing the shopping experience for our B2B customers. B2B consumers mostly place orders for common items regularly and in bulk, so they prefer an easy way where they can place order quickly, so that they can move on to their other important tasks.
* B2B transactions typically involves values that are significantly higher and therefore can require an order approval process Keeping this in mind, we have enhanced order approval feature and provided order edit facility to approvers. With this feature, approver can not only add/update/delete ordered items, they can modify item quantities and can also add complex products as part of ordered items at the time of approval.

## Additional perquisite

* We have provided GZip and Deflate compatibility for real time touchpoints. Now, ISVs can easily sync gzip compressed request through APPSeCONNECT and get response in gzip format.
* Migration tool for 3.4 APPSeCONNECT Version - This tool will enable our existing users to easily upgrade their Agent from 3.2/3.3 to 3.4 versions.

With our current offerings in place and more fascinating features lined up for future
 releases, APPSeCONNECT is becoming one such versatile platform where our users can 
feel more secure and comfortable while transacting with their critical business 
information. 

As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 


