---
title: "Q1 Release Version 4.10.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2021Release:
        title: "Q1 V 4.10.0"
        weight: 2
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: Q1Release2021
---
Product Release Version: 4.10.0       
Release notes were published and last revised in April 2021. 
Updates in this release include New Feature Development & other APPSeCONNECT Enhancements.  

Log in to the portal to access the latest version of Processflow and other updated functionalities etc. 
Download the updated version of `APPSeCONNECT AGENT` to implement this updated release. The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, 
as on April 2021 release.

**Highlights of the release features are mentioned below**

## Hotfix Release Details 

We Introduced APPSeCONNECT Processflow suite (Beta Version Release) in our 2020 Q1 release and successively
added more features in the next quarters. Our Processflow suite features an extensive interface to create 
robust Processflows catering to your business requirements.   

We upgraded the Processflow for the users in this release and have added a noteworthy feature that includes, `Custom Filter Implementation` for Dynamic Data Integration 
and many more enhancements.
 
These feature will help you to plug and play with dynamic data for seamless integration using APPSeCONNECT Process Flow.    

### Design

#### New Features  

**Custom Filter Implementation**  

You will now have the flexibility to implement [Custom Filter](/processflow/User-Defined-Dynamic-Filter/) that will allow you integrate Dynamic data for specific data integration.

- Will help you integrate scenario specific business data without hampering original business flow.
- Is allowed to execute whenever required.
- Execution with custom filter will generate specific snapshot with proper identification icon that helps you distinguish Custom filter based integration.
- Configuring Custom Filters will not hamper the originally configured Action Filter.

#### Enhancements:

- **OP Agent Data Parsing failed**

FIX: 

- For the execution with ProcessFlow, OP Agent was unable to parse data if Action Filter value starts with `{`.

With this release, users will now be able to successfully design, configure & execute processflows with action filter whose value starts with `{`. 


- **Error on selecting Polling as a type in START node**

FIX:

- User when selects START node type as Polling, UI returns ERROR against Register URL which is not required for Polling Types.

With this release, users will now be able to select and save polling polling type without any errors popping in the UI.


- **For Shared and Installed ProcessFlows, complete design of the PF doesn't appears if apps not added in organisation.**

FIX:

- User when installing a shared package, processflows in it when opened, the Application doesnt appears with the flow as those apps are not added within the organisation.

With this release, user will now get the complete processflow and while installing the apps will be automatically added in the organisation if not added from before, therefore minimizing extra efforts for the user.


- **On Installing Package, Nodes and Node data are not created correctly**

FIX: 

- User on installing a package, the processflow in it doesnt properly create the node, the node configuration data & mappings even after manually  configuring them.

With this release, users will now get a hasslefree installation wherein any packages installed, processflow node, node data & mappings will also be properly copied.


- **Lookup section is not displayed correctly in the Deployment Wizard, for the Installed ProcessFlows**

FIX:

- Installed Process Flows when deployed, the Lookup section is not displayed correctly and is also unable to be fixed in the Deployment Wizard.

With this release, users will get a hasslefree UI experience while deploying the Installed ProcessFlows in the Deployment Wizard.


- **Execute Button in ProcessFlow designer remains active while Deployment is in Progress**

FIX:

- During every Deployment process of the ProcessFlows, the execute button in the Designer section remained active and clickable.

With this release, users will get the execute button in Disabled form till the time, Deployment process is in progress. 

### Deploy

#### Enhancements:

- **Snapshots of Prcessflows executed in both On-Premise/Cloud Agent, the Data Log details not displayed properly**

FIX:

- Users execution Processflows either in On-Premise or Cloud Agent, the Data Log details in the snapshots generated is not displayed properly even if scrolled manually.

With this release, you can now view the complete data log details by scrolling within the Datalog UI in Snapshots.


- **Errored, execution of Workflow using Self Loop in On-Premise Agent.**

FIX:

- Users on executing a Workflow using Self loop in OP Agent, returned the error 'Object reference not found to be an instance of an object' in the Log Bucket.

With this release, you are now provided with an updated agent that removes the blockage and allows you to perform hasslefree Workflow execution.


- **Node specific Snapshots not opening during Server Response Exception**

FIX:

- For every execution of Processflows in both On-Premise/Clod Agent, Node specific Snapshots were not opening when Server Response Exection occured for APPSeCONNECT.

With this release, Users will get better experience when coming to Server Response Exeception handling. Also, the node specific snapshots shall open even while experiencing any sorts of exception.

## Component Versioning Details  

|Area|Component|Version|
|---|---|----|
|Agent|On-Premise|4.10.0|
|Agent|Cloud|4.10.0|
|Portal|WebApp|4.10.0|
|Portal|WebAPI|4.10.0|

As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com).