---
title: "2021-Q1 Version 1.0 Hotfix Release Note"
description: "This is the release document for hotfix 2021 Q1 of APPSeCONNECT."
keywords: "Release 2021 Q1,APPSeCONNECT, ProcessFlow, Runtime Filter, Snapshots"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    Q1Release2021:
        title: "Q1 V1.0 Hotfix Release Note"
        weight: 4
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: Q1V1hotfixRelease
---
This document highlights the details of hotfix(s) done for the 2021 Q1 Release. 
This hotfix release introduces few improvements and bug fixes which we will look at. 

## Hotfix Release Details 

We have introduced our APPSeCONNECT 2021-22 Q1 release which features an extensive update to its features. This Hotfix Release (Q1 2021 V1) Note lists you with the issues and resolutions of the updates made in last release and also gives you some insights on some of the production bugs that we have addressed too.

### Design 

- **Improvement** - We have felt that the previous action filter screen was not giving us best user experience and hence in this release, we have revamped the action filter page inside ProcessFlow to a new and improved UI. Refer [to the link](/processflow/manage-actions-actionfilters-errorfilters/#adding-action-filters). 

- **Issue - Variable Edit is not getting reflected inside transformation**\
**Resolution** - The variable edits should automatically refresh the transformation. We have identified it and fixed it in this release. 

- **Issue - Runtime filter was working with empty filter criteria**\
**Resolution** - We think we should add a validation to the Runtime filter such that it does not execute with empty filters. At least one criteria with Key-value pair is required to execute the runtime filter. 

- **Issue - Processflow deletion from Designer was not working correctly**\
**Resolution** - We have got bugs reported againist the feature where the deletion of processflow even though working from outside of the designer, it does not allow you to do so from inside. This problem is identified and fixed now. 

- **Issue - Runtime filter was not working for Copied ProcessFlow**\
**Resolution** - When you are working with a copied processflow, the runtime filter was not correctly working as expected. We have identified the problem and fixed it in this release. 

- **Issue - Credential in Application configuration was not mandatory**\
**Resolution** - The node configuration will never work without credentials in place. We have mistakenly not made the credential field in application node configuration as optional, which created confusion during deployment. We have identified this mistake and now credential is mandatory in application configuration. 

- **Issue - Variable requires XPath when "Use as Root loop" was checked, but XPath field was optional**\
**Resolution** - We have identified this as a problem and added a validation around the field such that XPath remains mandatory when "Use as Root loop" is selected. 

### Deploy  

- **Improvements** - The new snapshots generated through the platform will now produce an indicator to identify whether the snapshot is generated for Resync / Runtime execution / automatic scheduled or triggered. This will allow you identify and pick proper snapshot to look at. Refer [to this link](/processflow/snapshot-processflow/#types-of-snapshot)
- **Improvements** - We have felt that there was no link between our Sync Info and Snapshots, this was a problem which we wanted to address. We have introduced a button which will filter out all the snapshots related to a perticular sync info. This will give you an history of snapshots created to address a perticular sync data. [Refer to this link](/processflow/retry-processflow/#sync-info--retry)


### Manage  

- **Improvements** - We have added audit entries for Runtime filters and deployment section of ProcessFlow.

- **Issue - Lookup import was not populating the Lookup type**\
**Resolution** - We have found this bug that when you import lookups using an excel file, you get all the data but sometimes the lookup type is not getting populated. The issue is fixed in this release. 

### Other Area

- **Improvements** - We have introduced the new chat functionality in our portal which will ensure better customer engagement. The chat window will be available on the bottom right corner of the screen and is much improved than our last option. Refer [to this link](/accessing%20portal/accessing-portal/#chat).


## Component Versioning Details

|Area|Component|Version|
|----|----------|-------|
|Agent| On-Premise|4.11.0.0|  
|Portal| Cloud|4.11.0.0|
|API| Cloud|4.11.0.0|
|----|----------|-------|

For any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com).