---
title: "Overview of Deployment"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "Deployment"
menus: 
    header:
        title: "Deployment"
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: deployment               
---

The APPSeCONNECT Platform either for cloud or on-premise integration is a fully integrated solution that enables 
organizations to design, develop, deploy, manage - connectivity apps, APIs and microservices within 
the infrastructure provided and supported.

Deployment involves `set of procedures where you move your processes and deployable components` into a runtime environment. 
The Deployment section of this document lets you manage active deployments and create new deployments. 
A deployment consists of a some package that has been deployed to a specified environment.

Steps to deployment of Agent is discussed in the subsequent sections of the user guide.

1. System Requirement for Agent Installation. 
2. Deploying APPSeCONNECT Agent
2. Running the deployed Agent for the first time.
4. Configuring the Agent
5  Settings in Agent
3. Upgrading an existing agent
4. Inter process communication between Agent and Service
5. Updating Configuration Settings
8. Scheduling Resync for APPSeCONNECT Agent


1. System Requirement for Agent Installation. 

APPSeCONNECT Agent is a tool that is installed on-premise and does the actual sync, 
so to get the highest performance on your sync operation, you should have a good hardware and best connectivity 
and network speed. Prefer using local IP to connect to your application if the app is accessible using LAN to 
improve performance, but with a high-speed network, APPSeCONNECT also performs great with remotely. 

Here is a list of minimum requirement for APPSeCONNECT to run : 

* 2 GHz Processor or faster 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64)
* 4 GB RAM 
* At least 1 GB of Hard disk space in system drive.
* Windows Vista SP 2 and above or Windows Server 2008 SP 2 and above.
* Updated graphics drivers (Always best for performance)
* .NET Framework 4.6.1 or above
* Internet connectivity to get configurations and activation of the agent.
* Administrative user
* Internet browser to access our cloud portal (at portal.appseconnect.com)
* Dedicated bandwidth of 1 Mbps.

For best performance, our Agent will require admin rights so that it can install our agent and can have universal access
to all the required folders. 

APPSeCONNECT also installs a background agent which will be installed in Local System account
and would access the local application data folder to store cache and log files. 

Please ensure local system account have proper privilege to access "Installation directory".

To run APPSeCONNECT, you need to make sure of few things : 

You should whitelist the following URLs from Network Firewall settings :
https://admin.appseconnect.com
https://cloud.appseconnect.com
https://appsdrive.blob.core.windows.net/
https://services.appseconnet.com/

**Protip:** We also require you to keep some of the Ports Open for APPSeCONNECT. 
Here is the list : 8080, 443, 59051, 59050. {: .notice--info}