---
title: "Overview of API Management"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "API Management"

---
Getting started with APIs isnt always easy, there are tons of documents and techniques that can be used to leverage the idea of building your own
APIs. The API, how simple it is, requires a big amount of ground work so as to ensure the API is properly utilized 
and secured. The API needs to be properly organized, maintained and well documented, such that the API could be consumed correctly. 

# What is an API?

API or Application Programming Interfaces are the set of services that one can call to execute some code or perform a set of activities
either over a network or self contained. 

# What is API Management?

API Management of `APPSeCONNECT` helps an organization to create, maintain and publish APIs for their various data sources 
such that the data can be easily accessed and maintained quickly without needing 
a separate development team. The API management platform provides an interface which any developer can 
access to create or configure services. 

Companies today want to make their various data sources to be available through web so that these data sources and services can be consumed by apps running on mobile or desktops. 
For instance, a company can provide APIs to announce product pricing such that when any change is made to 
the prices, the API automatically gets an update and notifies the API consumers easily. 

API management provides core competencies which will allow developers or implementers to publish, 
protect and secure API gateway which follows industry standard protocol `Representational State Transfer` (REST) to ensure 
the API can be consumed easily from 3rd party applications. This article probvides an overview of common scenarios
that involve API Management. It also gives a brief overview of the main components used in the API 
program. 

## What is RESTFul API?

One of the most popular protocol that is prevalent in the market today is REST or RESTFul APIs. The REST is 
named as Representational State Transfer is very easy to understand and fully utilizes all the advantages of 
HTTP (Hyper Text Transport Protocol). This means as an API consumer, there is no need to install additional 
software or tools to consume such APIs. 

REST as a protocol gives lot of flexibility to the consumers. It is not tied directly to a particular resource 
or methods, and hence it can handle multiple types of calls, can return a number of data 
formats, and even can change the data scheme. Hence, we can say, REST uses correct implementation of Hypermedia. 

## Planning your API

Planning an API and designing it before actually implementing it on any API stack is sometimes important. Most of the steps
should be performed while designing and planning an API such that the API after developed and 
being consumed by a large number of consumers are less changed and / or revised. 

By many means, building an API is just like designing and architecting a new house. You can say, 
that you need to build a house just like the one you point to, but without any blueprint or proper
desing and prepanning, it is high chance that the house would eventually look very different than 
one you have been intended for.  It is important that you create solid foundation of your API, just 
as you would do it for your house. You should understnad what your API should be able to do, and how 
it should work, how its scope could be and what are the things you want to hide from external users. 


## How to design API endpoint security

Security is another important element for any application or service, especially when it is exposed through
www (or World Wide Web). There will be eventually a hundred or thousands of applications making calls to
the APIs on daily basis. It is important to protect your APIs from attacks. 

### Prerequisites

To create an API at the first place, there are a number of things you require,

- You need an Active [APPSeCONNECT Account](http://appseconnect.com).
- You need to know all the data sources that are used for the APIs. 
- You need to [create or configure APPS](/api-management/configure-apps) on the platform.

### Overview of APPSeCONNECT API Management

Once all the prerequisites are installed and configured correctly, the first thing that you need to do, is to register your 
API endpoint URL. 


### Frontend configuration

Every API provides options to configure its front end. The front end defines 

### API Operations


### Versioning



### Policies

Each API comes with a number of policies which can be applied to a certain API such that 
during execution, the rules will be applied automatically to that particular API. Here are the list
of policies that can be applied to the `APPSeCONNECT API` stack. 

* [IP Restrict Policy](/docs/quota-for-a-key-policy)
* [Quota per user Policy](/docs/quota-for-a-key-policy)
* [Invalidate HTTP Request Header Policy](/docs/quota-for-a-key-policy)
* [Compress Response Policy](/docs/quota-for-a-key-policy)
* [Response Content Format Transformation Policy](/docs/quota-for-a-key-policy)

### Response Configuration

## Some real world API use cases

As it is always important to look at some of the use cases of APIs such that as a business personnel, you can 
easily understand the proper utilization of an API Management system and also which can help 
you decide the suitable APIs which suits your business need.

### API Connecting on premise data source

Let us suppose you have a legacy database system that collects and collates data from various existing systems,
and remains on a central location as archive providing various validation and data intellegence requirements. 


### Proxy for existing Web API

Proxies help to build an additional layer in between the existing API and the server such that 

### API connecting to a static file

Files are sometimes less prone to be exposed to the Web as API. Since, if you expose the file
to the external world, the consumers would tend to download or upload the whole file at go, and 
you as a owner of the file would be having less power to change your content, 