---
title: "Q4 Release Version 3.7.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2017Release:
        title: "Q4 V 3.7.0"
        weight: 1
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2017Q4Release
---
Product Release Version: 3.7.0   
Release notes were published and last revised on January 2018 
With a whole year of learning and innovation coming to an end with a bunch of 
opportunities and ideas to begin with, APPSeCONNECT welcomes you with its 
2017 Q4 Product Release (7th Minor Release since APPSeCONNECT 3). 

This release has focussed on strengthening the APPSeCONNECT Agent, expanding 
the APPSeCONNECT Cloud Portal and supporting lot many new application adapters.
     

The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on January 2018 release. 


## Agent  

* A new plugin for SAP Hana has been introduced in the APPSeCONNECT Agent which will allow log and resync data that is to be written in SAP HANA Database.  
* Pagination for the Touchpoints in the Resync bucket in Agent has been enabled. This will allow the resync data to be displayed page-wise and will facilitate users in managing large volume of data during resync operations.  
* To help users upgrade from APPSeCONNECT 3.x to its latest 3.7 version, a migration tool has been enabled for convenience and easy of the process.  

## Portal  

* A lot of enhancements have been done with the APPSeCONNECT Workflow – new UI for organization specific and base workflows has been introduced, newer and more convenient workflow listing has been enabled to help users and the complete execution of workflow from the APPSeCONNECT Portal.    
* Changes in User Profile, new UI on portal login, app and project-specific permission management are also introduced to add to the rich user experience.  
* Just like Workflow, there is also a UI change for Rules - it is more detailed with visible nodes. (Using switch toggle, you can activate/deactivate the Rules).  
* The way of the product listing page has also been changed – multiple projects can be added in the list tab (movement from one tab to another is now easier), multiple project activities can be seen in the form of feeds, etc.  
* Numerous UI enhancements done for Value Mapping, Attribute Mapping, Touchpoint creation, connector listing, connector page, etc.  

## Integrations

APPSeCONNECT has extended its support to integrate newer applications like Shopware, HubSpot, Pipedrive, etc.

**We support the following touchpoints for SAP B1-Magento2B2C integration:**

* Incoming Payment Sync.
* Item Sync
* Web Item Master Data 
* A/R Down Payment. 
* Web Item Master Data Update Sync.      

We have introduced the Dynamics AX2012-Magento2B2C touchpoints as follows:

* Item Sync     
* Customer Sync 
* Sales Order Sync
* Item Inventory Update
* Shipment Upload 
* Invoice Upload 
* Item Price Update

Support for the new adapter of Pipedrive to be integrated with SAP B1 has been introduced and the touchpoints are as follows: 

* Pipedrive adapter 3.X
* Organization Sync
* Product Sync

Support for the new adapter of Shopware to be integrated with SAP B1SL has been introduced and the touchpoints are as follows: 

* Product Sync 
* Customer Sync 
* Sales Order Sync 
* Stock Sync

Support for the new adapter of HubSpot to be integrated with SAP B1 has been introduced and the touchpoints are as follows:

* Company Sync
* Contact Sync

With our current set of advancements and a continuous improvement in the platform, APPSeCONNECT promises to be a total game changer in the iPaaS industry, helping businesses to achieve more with higher productivity and efficiency.
As always for any support, please mail us to [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 



