---
title: "Order Add"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "Integration"
menus: 
    sapbmagentointegration:
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer            
        title: "Order Add"
        identifier: sapbmage2integration
---

Executing the Process is a vital part when integrating any applications. This Document will let the users to understand how the integration process can be executed through workflow for 
adding Order from `Magento2 to SAPB1`.

## Brief Description

image

After Adding and Updating the inventory of the product in Magento2, an order has been placed which needs to be 
synced in SAP Business One. Therefore, a workflow has been designed as shown above, to sync all the orders in SAP Business One 
that are created in Magento2.

[Click here](https://docs.magento.com/m2/ce/user_guide/customers/customer-account-create-order.html) to know about the process of 
creating an order in Magento2. 

On Placing the order, the same needs to be fully completed by generating Invoice and Shipment. 
The Orders will only be synced when the status of the order is completed fully.

Order Status:
1. Only Order is created - The status would be Pending.
2. Order + Invoice - The status will be Processing
3. Order + Invoice + Shipment - The status of the order will be Completed.

Image 
In this case, the Order has been placed in the name of Paul M Berry (customer) in Magento2.

## Lookup Mapping

The lookup Mapping for the Freight and Tax is needed to be done as the rates and the values differ. 
The Mapping should be done as shown below.
Image

The destination value 'exempt' is needed to be created in the SAP Business One. 
1. To create the tax value in SAP Business One, Navigate to Administration Module > Setup > Financials > Tax > Sales Tax Codes. The Sales Tax Codes - Setup Window Opens.
2. Add a new Tax Code under the type State which can be selected from drop down option Available.

[Click here](https://help.sap.com/viewer/fe9004e23275471b868395b412ad5f80/9.3/en-US/b7acf39cb4e947cfa5632ecdcd1e14c9.html) to know more about the Tax Code – Setup Window. 

Image

## Attribute Mapping/Transformation

Following the Provided Mapping, the user can sync the Order Add Workflow from Magento2 to SAP Business One. 
To know more, see  [Mapping & Transformation Techniques](/transformation/advance-mapping-through-custom-renderer/).

## Executing the Workflow Integration

## Integration Data Survey


## Post-Conditions


## Frequency of Use


## Troubleshooting

