---
title: "Q2 Release Version 4.3.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2019Release:
        title: "Q2 V 4.3.0"
        weight: 3
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2019Q2Release
---
Product Release Version: 4.3.0   
Release notes were published and last revised in June 2019. 
Updates in this release includes New Feature Enhancements, Integration Enhancements
& Adapters Development. 

Log in to [portal](https://portal.appseconnect.com/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2f#!) to access the latest version of Workflow, 
API Manager etc. or to download the latest version of APPSeCONNECT AGENT.
    
The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on June 2019 release.  

**Highlights of the release features are mentioned below**.

## New Supported App

Zoho Desk

## New Features and Enhancements

**Cloud Hosted Dataview process of workflow snapshot**

APPSeCONNECT [specially designed snapshot](https://docs.appseconnect.com/workflow/list-of-snapshot/) enables to view workflow execution over the data transferred through integration in cloud environment. The users can now get the complete overview of the transaction made at the node level in the user interface.

The following specialty of cloud hosted workflow snapshot is given below:

- Relate with snapshot to inspect integration behaviour - Displays the internal behaviour of the Integration process through snapshot as displaying the process of execution.

- Data and process logs in same window - You can explore the data packet, process logs and even the data logs for each process execution.

- Inspect input and output files directly from portal - Privilege to view the input, and output XML packets for a detailed understanding of the transform process.

- Open snapshot from Re-sync data bucket - Displays the error log of the executed workflow in the snapshots Re-sync bucket.

**Automated Notification Alerts for data integration error** 

APPSeCONNECT introduces an automated notification alert for data integration errors
 encountered during the integration process to serve users at their best. 

These are prebuilt automated notification alerts provided by APPSeCONNECT 
for data integration error. This is a useful feature as the users will be 
benefitted whenever [workflows](https://docs.appseconnect.com/workflow/overview/) encounter an issue while the sync process is running.

Suppose, a workflow has been scheduled to execute in every minute and the process
is not working properly although execution timing remains proper. Therefore, 
in this case, the workflow misses on the scheduled trigger time. Thus, misfire 
occurs when it cannot complete the process on its scheduled time and user gets 
notification report for the same.

The following speciality of Automated Notification Alerts for data integration is given below:

- The system will automatically identify data sync related issues along with tracking of re-sync failures.

- Automatic Support Ticket and Email will be fired, and the respective people associated will receive the support tickets and the email, hence enabling quick support for misfire issues.

- The Email will capture all the required fields for easy understanding of the data integration error details- Environment name, Workflow Name, the count of error occurred along with the Last Execution details of the error.

-  Similarly, the Support Ticket will capture all the required fields for easy understanding of the data integration error details.

-  Automating the monitoring of data integration error generated by APPSeCONNECT will remove the inconsistency and possibility of any problems being overlooked. APPSeCONNECT team will be able to quickly cater to the occurred error, without the need of manual intimation by the users/customers for live projects.

## Integration Enhancements

Given below are the integration areas of this release:

**SAP Business One DI Server and BigCommerce V2 Integration**  

This feature syncs data from SAP Business One DI Server and BigCommerce V2 and 
vice versa so that sync requirements between the applications are met. 
This integration is available for OP Agent. 

Here the following components will be synced successfully from SAP Business One
 DI Server - BigCommerce V2 with all details.  

- Adding Inventory  
- Adding & Updating Customers
- Adding Shipments
- Adding & Updating Customer Address
- Adding & Updating Simple Product
- Updating Product Price

Here the following components will be synced successfully 
from BigCommerce V2 - SAP Business One DI Server with all details.  

- Adding Customers
- Adding Simple Product
- Adding Invoice
- Adding Sales Order
- Adding Guest Customers
- Adding Product Brands
- Adding Product Category
- Adding Draft Sales Order
- Adding Incoming Payment


**SAP Business One - Zoho Desk Integration**

This feature syncs data from SAP Business One - Zoho Desk and vice versa so 
that user sync requirements between the applications are met. This integration
is available for OP Agent.

Here the following components will be synced successfully from SAP Business One - Zoho Desk with all details.

- Adding Customers
- Adding Products
- Updating Support Tickets

Here the following components will be synced successfully from 
Zoho Desk - SAP Business One with all details.

- Adding Customers
- Adding Contacts
- Adding Products
- Adding Support Tickets

## Adapter & Plugins

**Zoho Desk Adapter with integration support** 
APPSeCONNECT introduces the adapter for the application ZohoDesk which helps in 
syncing data when integrated with different applications.

**Adapter for SuitCRM**  
APPSeCONNECT introduces the adapter for the application SuitCRM which helps in 
syncing data when integrated with different applications.

**Adapter for Prestashop**  
APPSeCONNECT introduces the adapter for the application Prestashop which helps
in syncing data when integrated with different applications.

 As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 
