---
title: "Q1 Release Version 1.0.0-1.3.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2014Release:
        title: "Q1 V 1.0.0-1.3.0"
        weight: 4
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2014Q1Release
---

During this phase we were working on features and mainly on stability of the product. We have just
launched into market with 1.0.0 as MVP (Minimum Viable Product) release on January 2014 and
did major enhancements to our product on Post MVP releases during mid 2014 time.   
We focused on giving quality product experience and solving various business processes. 
Some of the important features we developed on these release are:  

* APPSeCONNECT Cloud Portal:  A portal which allows users to do registration and customize their own 
account. APPSeCONNECT cloud gives you option to create / edit connections, publish Touchpoints and 
configure all business processes according to your own requirements.  
* APPSeCONNECT Agent:  We are giving our users a tool which will download all the configurations 
from cloud and do actual sync according to a predefined schedule.  
* APPSeCONNECT Admin: For our implementers, we have developed a portal where they can login 
and do actual customizations. The customizations made in processes are applied to each customers 
as template and are ready to use from Cloud portal  
* APPSeCONNECT SDK: For our developers, we have provided a simple yet effective SDK hosted publicly, 
which they can use to develop adapters and do actual communication to an application.  
* APPSeCONNECT Support Portal: We are providing a special place where our customers can create 
support tickets or give feedback about the product, such that our support executives can respond 
immediately to solve your upcoming issue / problems.    


