---
title: "Q4 Release Version 2.1.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2014Release:
        title: "Q4 V 2.1.0"
        weight: 1
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2014Q4Release
---
Product Release Version: 2.1.0   

This release focusses mainly on removing bugs from the product and enhancing the already existing 
components to deliver bug free and better product experience to our customers. This release is taken 
once in a year such that all the enhancement that we made throughout the whole year are properly
brushed up. The release for year 2014 contains following enhancements.  

## For End Users

* Support for Organization specific touchpoints. As we found a large number of customers are 
looking to for integration of their own customized data, we have now given you organization 
specific touchpoints. Organization wise touchpoints will enable you to cater your own customizations 
and integrate through APPSeCONNECT. There might be an entire process which we don’t do, or something 
very specific to your own organization, APPSeCONNECT can now cater such situations as well.  
* Reduced time on publish operation. We found that you are not happy with our Publish feature as 
any change you made which needs to be reflected to your touchpoint needs a whole publish. In this 
release, we enable you to publish by touchpoint itself. So now, if you change something in your 
touchpoint Order download say, you don’t need to publish the whole connection to get the update 
to your on premise agent.  
* Resync failed items. Option to resync failed items has always been an issue for clients. 
APPSeCONNECT is now smart enough to detect failures (which might be caused due to some data 
validation failure or anything abnormal), and produce you a list of those, such that you can 
identify the problems and fix it and then sync them individually.  
* Fixing major and minor bugs to improve experience. We are really concerned with your feedbacks. 
While some of the features we released earlier might have some issues, which we have identified 
and fixed. Here is a list of all bugs fixed during the period.  
* Resync features implemented in adapters SAP B1 and Magento. Resync feature have been implemented 
on the product already, but some of the minor adjustments needed on the adapter side to support 
the feature. We have enhanced our SAP B1 and Magento adapter to support Resync Feature.  
* Enhanced installer for Agent now will give you perfect experience on installing the APP.  

## For Administration

* Bugs fixed on attribute mapping. We enhanced the UI in attribute mapping section to remove 
various bugs which might cause the administration difficult.    
* Improved design. We also found that we can improve some of the designs of admin screens,
 which we did during the release cycle to enhance the experience of Web App.    
* Protocol list revamped. We have fixed the problem of Protocol list in Connection creation page 
such that you do not mistake a selection of protocol while creating connection.    

## On Integration

* On this Bug bash release, we worked on major touchpoints on SAP B1, NAV, Magento touchpoints to 
fix all the problems following standard business process.       

During this phase, we have also enhanced some of the other 
adapters (i.e., Prestashop, Ebay, Amazon) to clear out problems identified 
during the whole year.    

During the first quarter of 2015 product cycle, we wanted to give you some cool and interesting 
features. We made some major enhancements to the product which states as follows:  

## Agent/APPSeCONNECT Sync tool

* Encrypted and compressed configurations. We wanted your integration configurations to be kept secret to you only. To support this, we wanted to keep the configurations encrypted on your system. In this release we worked on the encryption and compression of the configurations such that we can ensure your configurations are safe even if your system is compromised.
* Scheduling an interval for execution. The initial release does not have an option to select the interval on which every process gets executed. In this release, we wanted to give you flexibility to configure our agent such that our agent follows the schedule you setup.
* Support for multiple levels of dependencies in Workflow. Workflows are interesting features, but we noticed that dependencies can only be created up to two levels. In this release, we made you nth level dependency for a touchpoint, so even if your n-1th touchpoint requires an acknowledgement, you are free to add the dependency to APPSeCONNECT.
* Auto-detection of dependency loops. Touchpoint dependency creates Workflow on which a process gets executed. It is a hierarchy of steps which every process follows to execute a successful job. Now as an implementer, you might create a loop using dependency which can crash the whole process. We wanted to remove circular references from workflows and we did in this release to remove accidental loops.
* Support for POST operation in Realtime touchpoints. One of the major enhancement is the support of POST operation on real-time touchpoints. You can now use POST operation to post XML directly to the touchpoint and the data will be automatically pushed by our client.

## Cloud/Web

* While creating connection, we now support multiple protocols. If say, your application supports multiple protocols, you can now use APPSeCONNECT and create adapters for more than one protocols which can be used by our clients. While creating connection, the user will be provided with a list of protocols supported for connecting two apps, and user can choose either one or all depending on their own choice.
* Introducing flat controls. Considering, the world is moving towards flat UI, with this release, we gradually transformed the UI into more flat structure.
* Adjacent display of connection pair. In APPSeCONNECT cloud, for every connection, we show two connection in two different ways. With this release, we show both the connection pair adjacent to one another so as you can find connection pair easily.

## Cloud/Administration

* Enhanced publish in cloud. Publishing a connection takes a considerable amount of time, 
as a result implementation time increases. In this release, we minimize the time taken to 
publish a touchpoint and generate the scripts by intelligently identifying changes such that 
unnecessary publish calls can be avoided. The intelligent publish will ensure that our servers
will now do less number of publish which results in lesser queue on publish. Hence, improved 
performance.  
* Support for error filters for entity. As in last release with resync feature, error filters are 
associated with touchpoints, but in general action filters can also be associated with an entity 
such that when the same entity is chosen for Touchpoint, it automatically gets copied to the touchpoint.   We identified this feature, and hence added in this release. Now an entity can have its respective action as well as error filters and both the filters will be copied to touchpoints.
* Support for Organization wise touchpoint. There is no way that every process we can identify 
beforehand, even there could be situations where you can have your own process defined.   
* For an implementer, we can now have organization wise touchpoint which can only be activated 
for that particular organization itself and cannot be used by any other organization. 
This option will open a wide range of possibilities for implementers to work on the generic platform.  
* Improved notification on Publish. Publish notification was not that easy ever before. 
We use real-time notification to indicate the step of every publish which indicates 
clearly what our server is doing with your publish request.  

## On Integration

* On integration side, we put up our efforts to implement Resync feature for Nav and Prestashop adapter.  
* We have also enhanced logging for both Nav and Prestashop adapter such that users can clearly identify problems on data syncs.  
* In Magento extension, we have fixed the Tax code issue which we identified in previous releases.  