---
title: "Q2 Release Version 3.9.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2018Release:
        title: "Q2 V 3.9.0"
        weight: 3
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2018Q2Release
---
Product Release Version: 3.9.0   
Release notes were published and last revised in June 2018. 
Updates in this release includes New Feature Enhancements, Integration Enhancements
& Adapters Development. 

Log in to [portal](https://portal.appseconnect.com/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2f#!) to access the latest version of Workflow, 
API Manager etc. or to download the latest version of APPSeCONNECT AGENT.
    
The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on June 2019 release.  

**Highlights of the release features are mentioned below**.

## New Apps Supported

- SAGE 300 (Cloud)
- StarShipIT
- HubSpot
- Pipedrive

## New Features & Enhancements    

**Enhancements**     
- Track diverge record and troubleshoot by adding custom attribute in resync Panel     
- Drag and Drop for Attribute Sorting
- Delete custom attribute and associated mapping from Data Transformation.
- Enable or Disable attribute mapping from Data Transformation.
- Delete App Credentials
- Create new connection by copying connection within the same Project.
- Activate or Deactivate connection from Web UI.

**New Features**  

Introducing APPSeCONNECT Proxy for Real-time APIs (Area: Portal, Agent, Cloud)
Previously the users provided a public IP in their private network for real-time 
touchpoint and thereby that increased the risk of external attacks.The approach to 
introducing this feature is for security and the user is not required to provide a 
public IP as APPSeCONNECT domain would be used for routing the request.

Round the clock chatting support in our APPSeCONNECT Web UI (Area: Portal)
Now the user will be able to chat with the Support team for any issues faced by them and   our support will be available 24*7.
 
**Security and Privacy Enhancements**    
**Add partners and Control Access to User account (Area: Portal)**       
The user can approve partners to their account so that they can work on the concerned project after the customers approval.  
**Two Factor’ Authentication by Email & SMS for sturdy security (Area: Portal)**     
This feature enables two-factor authentication for users and they can now have more security around their cloud services.   
**Enable or Disable Two Factor Authentication.**         
**Privacy Settings for User Profile (Area: Portal)**        
The user can configure the privacy settings of their profile so that it fulfills the GDPR compliance.
**Data retention policy for projects (Area: Portal, Cloud)**      
This feature enables implementing a data retention policy for APPSeCONNECT projects such that the GDPR compliance are met with ease.

## Integration Enhancements

**SAP Business One – Pipedrive Integration (Area: Adapter)**  
This feature syncs data from Pipedrive to SAP B1 and vice versa so that user sync requirements between Pipedrive and SAP B1 are met.  

**Sage 300 – Magento Integration**  
This feature syncs data from Sage 300 to Magento and vice versa so that user sync requirements between Sage 300 and Magento are met.  

**SAP Business One – StarShipIT**  
This feature syncs data from StarShipIT to SAP Business One and vice versa so that user sync requirements between 
StarShipIT and SAP Business One are met.  

**SAP Business One – HubSpot**  
This feature syncs data from HubSpot to SAP Business One and vice versa so that user 
sync requirements between HubSpot and SAP Business One are met.  

 As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 
