---
title: "Shopify"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "Connectors"
menus: 
    applicationconnector :
        title: "Shopify"
        weight: 6
        icon: fa fa-file-word-o
        identifier: shopifyconnector
---

Application configuration is an intregal activity prior to the process of integration. If your choosen application 
is Shopify, such as generating the API key for Shopify, valid credentials need to be provided for validating the agent. 

Here you will find the detailed description on how to configure the agents for the application of Shopify, 
attributes and action, and the Troubleshooting issues. 

## Pre-requisites for Shopify Configuration:

### Creation of Private APP is essential to generate the API Key.

Steps for Creating Private APP and API KEY:

1.	Login to your Shopify App and click on the Admin Panel.
2.	Login to your AEC Agent with the valid Credentials. Go to APPS> Manage Private Apps on your Shopify Dashboard. 
3.  You will be directed to Private Apps Page.
3.	There will be an option **Create New Private APP**. Input details - Private app name and emergency developer email & Click Save. 
5.  In the Admin Panel, the Credentials mainly the API Key, Password will get generated.

## Configure the Agent

1. The API Key is now generated. Prior to Proceeding with the Integrations process, configure the AEC Agent.
2. Create the necessary connection with Shopify and publish few touchpoints for publishing the connection in the Agent.
3. Now in the APP CONFIGURATIONS WINDOW of the agent, configure Shopify with valid **API key, API Password and Base URL** generated in Shopify API Manager.
4. After providing the necessary details, Click Validate and Save.

These are some of the basic Prerequisites that must be done before integrating any app with Shopify.

## Integration Techniques 

For Integration process, you need to execute the necessary touchpoint in your connection as required while syncing.

1. For an Instance: Suppose you need to add customer created in shopify to the application you need.
Therefore, the Customer Add Touchpoint is needed to published, for syncing the customer from Shopify to the other 
Application you are working with. 

2. Integration of Shopify - SAP B1 requires some UDT, UDO & UDF's to be defined.

## Troubleshooting

**ISSUE 1:** 

Some of the basic troubleshooting issues happens due to improper validations or even if it is accurately validated, 
and if touchpoints don't sync.

This basic issue resolves after removing the Temp and Cache files from the portal and 
from your system. 

Therefore, after clearing all this, you need to publish the touchpoints again along with Update Configuration on the agent.
For E.g. If the "Source Application not Found" in the log file appears, the probable cause is due to the presence of the 
Temp and Cache Files.

**ISSUE 2** API not published


## Attributes and Actions

While defining a connect to a particular API endpoint in Shopify, you require clear understanding 
about the data requirements and endpoint configurations. You can refer to this document to find all
the endpoint details of your shopify installation. To define the endpoint in APPSeCONNECT, you need to define
Actions and Entities. Actions are specifically targetted for a particular endpoint while schema is
the data needed to execute the API. Here are the list of some of the prepackaged API actions defined
for you which you can easily plug and play while doing your integrations.

|Endpoint|Action|Action Type|Schema|Description|
|---|---|---|---|------|
|Variants|Variants Update|PUT|Variants|Updating Variants in Shopify|
|Transaction|Payment Upload|POST|Transaction|Uploading payments to Shopifys|