---
title: "Magento2 Configuration"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "Connectors"
weight: 5
menus: 
    applicationconnector: 
        icon: fa fa-gg
        category: "Application Connector"
        title: "Magento2 Configuration"
        identifier: magentoconnector
---

Application configuration is an intregal activity prior to the process of integration. If your choosen application 
is Magento 2, providing the API Path, User name and Password is essential for configuring the agent.

Here you will find the detailed description on how to configure the agents for the application of Magento 2, 
the Integration Techniques and the Troubleshooting issues. 

# Pre-requisites for Magento2  Configuration 

## Get the API Path

1. Check into Magento2 account. 

2. As Magento is a cloud-based application, it has an URL. The API Path is your - URL/index.php/rest/V1/

3. For all Magento Activities Template bar is required, therefore the API Path in this case should be.

API Path: -  http://templatebar.com/Individual/soumi/magento1/index.php/rest/V1

The Username and Password will be - **Magento2 Login Username and Password**.

## Configure the Agent

1. The API Path, Username and Password is now generated. 
2. Next, configure On-Premise AEC Agent before Integrating and executing the Touchpoints in the Cloud Portal.
3. Create and Publish Connection in the cloud portal.
4. Update the Configuration in your On-Premise AEC Agent. You will find your Connection present in the agent.
5. Move into the App Configurations window in your agent and configure the details.
 
**Protip:** Uncheck the **Show in Sync Panel** checkbox before proceeding with the App Configurations {: .notice--info}

6.	Enter details - API Path, User Name and Password.

7.	Click Validate and Save. Once validated, you will get the message **“Successfully Validated and Saved”**.

## Troubleshooting:

**ISSUE 1:**

Some of the basic troubleshooting issue happens due to improper validations or even if it is accurately validated, and if touchpoints do not sync, 
this basic issue resolves after removing the Temp and Cache files from the portal and from your system. Therefore, after clearing all this publish the 
touchpoints again along with Update Configuration on the agent.

For E.g. If the `Source Application Not Found` in the log file appears, the probable cause is due to the presence of the Temp and Cache Files.

**ISSUE 2:**

**You have an API for Magento, but the API is not accessible from your server**

* Discuss how to check API from local server.

* Discuss about firewall settings 
https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.0/get-started/bk-get-started-api.html 


**ISSUE 3:**
**Customer Address issue with sourcelib: SetCustomerAddressItems(addresses) - NAV-Magento2.**

SetCustomerAddressItems(addresses) is creating an issue with customer address sync which has one address both as 
bill to and ship to set as default. Checking the SAP address push scenario, this function was developed. 
This function transforms extra node to push the address in ship to section of SAP. The structure is as below:

addresses
<item>
"default_shipping": true,
"default_billing": true
</item>

After transform through sourcelib:SetCustomerAddressItems (addresses)

addresses
<item1>
"default_shipping": false,
"default_billing": true
</item1>
<item2>
"default_shipping": true,
"default_billing": true
</item2>

This extra node is creating an issue in NAV with multiple Address Line which is not allowed and resulting in failure of the data. 

Solution: - Simple mapping should be done. No need to call the method `SetCustomerAddressItems()`. This method is developed only for SAP B1

**Protip:** While working with SAP B1 Integrations, SAP Business One DI Server ON/OFF is needed to be done for proper syncing if any errors like the above one persists. {: .notice--info}


## Attributes and Actions

While defining a connect to a particular API endpoint in Magento, you require clear understanding about the data requirements and endpoint configurations. 
You can refer to [this](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.0/rest/list.html) document to find all the endpoint details of your magento installation. 
To define the endpoint in APPSeCONNECT, you need Actions and Entities. Actions are specifically targetted for a particular endpoint while schema is the 
data needed to execute the API. Here are the list of some of the prepackaged API actions defined for you which you can easily plug and play while doing your 
integrations. 

|Endpoint|Action|Action Type|Schema|Description|
|---|---|---|---|------|
|/customers/search|[customers/search](https://portal.appseconnect.com/AppEntityAction?AppVersionId=c47be8ef-bef4-4cf3-972a-9a4aa912461b&entityId=d5b93e08-37a6-4042-a86d-a5e096b0232c&entityActionId=b449e18b-dfff-4d11-9f2c-07d701ef1c3a)|Get|[Customer](https://portal.appseconnect.com/AppEntity/BaseCreate?entityId=d5b93e08-37a6-4042-a86d-a5e096b0232c&AppVersionId=c47be8ef-bef4-4cf3-972a-9a4aa912461b)|It will search customer from magento. You can specify filter criteria based on type of customer `customer_type` and /or `created_at` or `updated_at fields`. The API also supports limit filters|
|


## Integration Techniques 

For running the Integration process, execute the necessary touchpoint in your connection as required while syncing. Given below are the touchpoint 
integration details:

1. Execute the MASTER DATA Touchpoints.

Example:  Here you will see the example of SAP B1 and MAGENTO 2 integration:

In this Integration, there are around 7 Master data touchpoints. Syncing these MASTER DATA Touchpoints 
will allow you to bring all the information from MAGENTO 2 to SAP B1.

-	Master Data Add [Customer Group] - All the information about the Magento Customer Groups [viz. A Retailer, Wholesaler etc.] will be added to SAP B1.

-	Master Data Add [Website List] - All the information about the Magento Websites will be added to SAP B1.

-	Master Data Add [Attribute Set] - All the information about attribute sets in Magento will be added to SAP B1.

-	Master Data Add [Attribute] - All the information about product attributes in Magento will be added to SAP B1.

-	Master Data Add [Attribute Options] - All the core information about Attribute Options listed against the attribute will get added to SAP B1.

-	Master Data Add [TaxClass] - All the information about the Magento Product Tax Class will be added to SAP B1

-	Master Data Add [Category] - All the information about the Magento Product Categories will be added in SAP B1.

Therefore, while working with Magento2 Integration, ensure to sync the **MASTER DATA Touchpoints.**

**Protip:** Working on SAP B1 and Magento 2 (B2C) needs a SAP B1 add-on and Magento B2C extension for its integration. 
{: .notice--info}
