---
title: "2020-Q3 Version 1.0 Hotfix Release Note"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    Q3Release:
        title: "Q3 V1.0 Hotfix Release Note"
        weight: 3
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: Q3V1hotfixRelease
---
This document highlights the details of hotfix(s) done for the 2020 Q3 Release. This hotfix release introduces few minor improvements and bug fixes. 

## Hotfix Release Details 

We have introduced our APPSeCONNECT 2020-21 Q3 release which features an extensive update to its features. This Hotfix Release Note lists you with the issues and resolutions of the updates.

### Design 

- **Issue - Visual Representation of Workflow Execution is enabled in Auto mode for Cloud Supported Connection.**  
**Resolution:** - With this hotfix, Visual Representation of Workflow Execution in auto mode is disabled for Cloud Supported Connection.    

- **Issue - Alphabetical sorting is unavailable in Lookup Type Dropdown menu.**    
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view alphabetical sorting in Lookup Type dropdown menu.  

- **Issue - Node Configuration Window for NAV Application in ProcessFlow is displaying duplicate value in app version drop down list.**  
**Resolution:** - Users should now able to view proper app version in the drop down list for node configuration. 

- **Issue - In a Processflow, the edited `For Each loop` is not getting updated in the XSLT when the Touchpoint has been created with the same Action.**  
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view For each loop updated in the XSLT of the Processflow.    

- **Issue - During Creation & Naming of Tech App (Rest based) UI is getting distorted in the Processflow.**  
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view the proper UI while creating and naming the Tech App.  

- **Issue - Workflow fails to execute with two nodes connecting to one Acknowledgement task.**  
**Resolution:** - Workflow is now successfully executed for post acknowledgement for both the nodes.  


### Deploy  

- **Issue - Projects which are not cloud enabled is showing Cloud access in the portal Environment.**     
**Resolution:**- With this hotfix, Projects which are not cloud enabled should not access cloud environment.    

- **Issue - Retry window of Processflow is displaying both successful and failed data entries.**    
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view only the failed data/entries in Retry Window.  

- **Issue - Detaching Hosted Environment from Portal, Attach button is not reflected back in the contextual menu.**  
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view Attach button in the contextual menu after detaching Hosted Environment.  

- **Issue - Workflow Snapshots erroneous message display as showing HTML Text format.**    
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view snapshot message display in text format.    

- **Issue - ProcessFlow execution (both OP/Cloud) with multiple get nodes, does not display failed data in modal wise in the retry bucket.**    
**Resolution:** - Failed data should now display modal wise in the retry bucket if multiple GET node is present.  

### Manage  

- **Issue - Feeds Section & Log is not displaying details of Cleanup rule execution for hosted environment.**  
**Resolution:** - With this hotfix, users should now able to view Feeds in portal with readable log written for Cleanup rule execution.    

- **Issue - Adding Group in Environment Listing section with multiple Characters, is fetching Exception Error.**  
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to create/edit group easily with the character limit set to 100.     

- **Issue - Removing Multiple Nodes in an Installed Processflow and saving it, the changes are not getting saved.**  
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to remove any nodes in an installed Processflow and changes should be saved successfully.     

- **Issue - Hosted Environment is attached in the Portal, yet Attach button is getting reflected in the contextual menu.**    
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view detach button in the contect menu just after attaching Hosted Environment.  
 
- **Issue - Adding IF conditions in the Processflow mapper node, the same is not getting reflected in the XSLT.**    
**Resolution:** - Users should now be able to view the added IF conditions, in the XSLT of mapper node.  

### Other Area

- **Issue - On Workflow Execution (For On-Premise), the Processflow Transaction DB is becoming huge in size within a short span of time after few executions.**  
**Resolution:** - With this hotfix, the Processflow Transaction DB size is not increasing unnecessarily thereby displaying proper log details and snapshot within seconds of WF Execution.     

- **Issue - In the Processflow Snapshot view, Data error/success message is not displayed in the UI**  
**Resolution:** - User should now be able to view the Error / Success message in the UI, after hovering the mouse over the message field.     

- **Issue - In the Process Flow Mapper Node, newly created Root variable is reflected at the bottom of the list whereas it is reflected at the top in generated XSLT.**    
**Resolution:** - Newly created Root variable is now appearing at the bottom of the list and is reflecting similarly in the generated XSLT.   


- **Issue - Resuming of one workflow is hampering/stopping other workflows on restart mode.**  
**Resolution:** - User should now be able to resume workflow without hampering other workflow on restart mode.  


## Component Versioning Details

|Area|Component|Version|
|----|----------|-------|
|Agent| On-Premise|4.8.2.0|
|Adapter|Shopify|4.2.10.0|
|Adapter|DynamicsNavBC|4.1.5.1|
|Adapter|Dynamics 365 CRM|4.1.0.0|
|Adapter|Shipstation|4.1.2.0|
|Adapter|Lightspeed|4.4.8.0|
|Adapter|Magento1|4.2.3.0|
|Adapter|WooCommerce|4.2.14.0|

As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com).