---
title: "Q4 Release Version 4.5.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2019Release:
        title: "Q4 V 4.5.0"
        weight: 1
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2019Q4Release
---
Product Release Version: 4.5.0   
Release notes were published and last revised in January 2020. 
Updates in this release include New Feature Development & Enhancements, UI Enhancements, 
Integration Enhancements & Adapters Enhancements.
     
Log in to the portal to access the latest version of Workflow, Environment, etc. 
along with the newly introduced Process flow and download the updated version of 
`APPSeCONNECT AGENT`. The following section list the updates on APPSeCONNECT, as on July 2020 release.  

## New Features and Enhancements

**Enhanced Morning Report - For Capturing the Sync Activities Summary (both On-Premise & Cloud)**

Morning Report updates users about the data synchronization status for each connection, on daily basis. There are two major enhancements that have been implemented in Morning Report.

* Introducing the simple and user-friendly morning report with the presence of two columns showing success and failure data sync.
* The Date and time are displayed in the email sent, so that the user can easily understand the appropriate report generation time.

**Updated Organization Rule – For Choosing & Activating**

This feature enables the user to manage the Pre-defined & Pre-configured APPSeCONNECT Rules.

* Users can now only choose and activate pre-configured rules for Live projects.
* Editing Pre-configured rules is not available anymore. Example The “Detailed Sync Report” can now be activated from the Choose Rule option. However, the rule is restricted for any modifications.

**Revamped Environment Panel – For Quick & Easy Deployment**

APPSeCONNECT users can now view and manage advanced [Environment](/deployment/Environment-Management/) Services and Processes by themselves along with these enhancements.

* A parent folder named "Home" is added to the environment listing page, and it cannot be deleted, thereby adding fewer chances of accidental deletion and usability.
* Now the users can do Listing, Deletion and Detachment of Environment in the Portal.

## Other Enhancements

* The smooth functioning of the Import process of CSV file during LookUp mapping.
* Enhanced User Approval Process thereby prohibiting user registration with the same email id more than once.
* Message in the [Feed section](/accessing%20portal/accessing-portal/#feeds) of the portal capturing changes in OP Agent.
*  Quick error identification from the preview option in the touchpoint listing page by using the Validate button.

## Integration Enhancements

Given below are the integration areas for Evangelizing the Generic [REST](/connectors/Overview-of-GenericRest-Adapters/) Adapter:

**Integration of Solve360 CRM (Generic REST Adapter) with NAV Generic (using Cloud Agent).**
This feature syncs data using the Generic REST adapter from Solve360 CRM & Dynamics NAV so that sync requirements between the applications are met. Basic Authentication was used to fetch & pull data for the Solve 360 CRM Generic REST adapter.
Here the following components will be synced successfully from Solve360 CRM & Dynamics NAV with all details:

* Adding Contact Persons 
* Adding Customers 

**Integration of JIRA (Generic REST Adapter) with Dynamics CRM (using Cloud Agent)**

This feature syncs data using the Generic REST adapter from JIRA & [Dynamics CRM](/connectors/Dynamicsnav/) so that sync requirements between the applications are met. Basic Authentication was used to fetch & pull data for the JIRA Generic REST adapter.
Here the following components will be synced successfully from JIRA & Dynamics CRM with all details:

* Adding Customers
* Adding Issues

**Integration of VendHQ (Generic REST Adapter) with Magento2 (using OP & Cloud Agent)**

This feature syncs data using the Generic REST adapter from VendHQ & [Magento2](/connectors/magento2/) so that sync requirements between the applications are met. Auth 2.0 Authentication was used to fetch & pull data for the VendHQ Generic REST adapter.
Here the following components will be synced successfully from VendHQ & Magento2 with all details:

* Adding Products
* Adding Customers

**Integration of QuickBooks with Shopify (both using Generic REST Adapter) using Cloud Agent**

This feature syncs data using the Generic REST adapter from QuickBooks & Shopify so that sync requirements between the applications are met. Auth 2.0 Authentication was used to fetch & pull data for the QuickBooks whereas Basic Authentication was used for Shopify REST adapter.
Here the following components will be synced successfully from QuickBooks & [Shopify](/connectors/shopify/) with all details:

* Adding Account

## Adapter & Plugins 

These are the Adapters which have been enhanced in this release:

* Enhanced [Lightspeed](/connectors/Lightspeed/) Adapter
* Enhanced ​[Shopify](/connectors/shopify/) Adapter
* Enhanced [WooCommerce](/connectors/woocommerce/) Adapter



