---
title: "Q2 Release Version 1.4.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2014Release:
        title: "Q2 V 1.4.0"
        weight: 3
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2014Q2Release
---
Product Release Version: 1.4.0   

In this release we wanted to make APPSeCONNECT smooth and provide a stable release of the product.
We have also made enhancement on user experience of the product and also notify users correctly. 
This release makes working with the product easier than ever before by providing contextual help 
on every steps.  

## Agent

* Search in Agent. Finding a touchpoint is not easy in agents. In this release, we provided option to search touchpoint inside agent, so that you can easily find required touchpoint.  
* Grouping option of touchpoints. We have also provided grouped display of touchpoints. You can even expand/collapse a group of touchpoint to clearly discriminate different touchpoint groups.  
* Morning reports as email. We now send morning report every day to describe all transactions performed throughout the day.  
* Touchpoint execution indication. We now provide indication when a touchpoint is executed. The touchpoint button will automatically convert to stop when it is already running.  
* For an implementer, you can now login to agent with your client’s email id without providing password.  

## Administration

* Support for hiding touchpoints. We now support hiding unnecessary touchpoint from agent. A simple configuration you can setup on a touchpoint to either show or hide a touchpoint in agent.
* Blocking domains for registration to APPSeCONNECT. To remove spamming, APPSeCONNECT now block a domain, a user or even an email id so that any user from that domain cannot register for an APPSeCONNECT account.
* Report on new registration. We now provide a report of all new registration from our admin portal.
* List of expired users. A new area is defined which will show all expired users in APPSeCONNECT with option to activate an account for 1 year.
* Sequential execution of touchpoints. Every touchpoint is now have a sequence mentioned such that the touchpoints can be executed in the defined sequence.
* Option to delete touchpoint. APPSeCONNECT admin now have option to delete connection and/or organization.
* We now support real-time touchpoints. A real-time touchpoint cannot run at a schedule, rather it will be automatically called from the application.
* You can now specify a touchpoint to be trial. A trial touchpoint can appear only on trial user.
* New registration active notification. As an implementer, you will get notified when an account gets activated. The activation mail is copied to an implementer as well, such that when the user misses activating an account, an implementer can do it on their behalf.

## Web App

* Phone number during registration. During registration, we made phone number as optional field.
* A help section is prepared for every page which can show contextual help of the particular page.
* Registration option on Login. Login page will now have an option to register to APPSeCONNECT which will result a user to register for 30 days in Growth plan.
* Single sign on to Support. Support action provided which will login a user to support portal automatically from APPSeCONNECT.
* Enhanced designs. In addition to these, we have also enhanced the Web application with small and minor design changes to give better user experience.

## Integrations

During this phase, we have developed new connections for:

* SAP B1 ⇔ Shopify  
* SAP B1 ⇔ BigCommerce  
* NAV ⇔ Prestashop  

We have also enhanced all the existing connectors to provide better sync and solving business 
process in a better way.    