---
title: "Q2 Release Version 3.1.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2016Release:
        title: "Q2 V 3.1.0"
        weight: 3
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2016Q2Release
---
Product Release Version: 3.1.0   

As per our schedule, we are trying to continuously improve our platform with newer features.
We are coming up with an extended version of APPSeCONNECT SDK giving you a chance to 
interact with more efficiently. The new SDK for APPSeCONNECT, new interactive user interfaces 
on Admin portal, and enhanced tracking on events on public portal are some of the benefits 
that you will get with this release. We have also worked very hard to double our speed of 
connector and major enhancements in subsequent releases will have those features incorporated.

We are also eager to increase our offering. This release includes Magento 2.0 and 
SAP B1 integration as our new offering. Magento 2.0 is brand new and inclusion 
of it to our offering as early adapter will help us to make it mature quickly.   

We are super excited with the new features just like you, here are some of the key 
areas that we have improved in APPSeCONNECT.

## APPSeCONNECT SDK 3.1

* APPSeCONNECT SDK 3.1 is released. Even though the existing SDK is unchanged, 
we have again moved to the same direction on making Adapter developer powerful. 
We added a new dimension to APPSeCONNECT to support external plugins. 
The new SDK can be found from Nuget.     

* The new plugin API will allow the developer to talk to our internal components 
seamlessly and even route the existing functionalities and / or enhance the 
functionalities according to their will. We have provided API hooks to allow you 
to work on :      

** APPSeCONNECT Persistent storage          
** Styles          
** Core functionalities        
** Custom functionalities        

As time goes by, we will engage in providing more and more decoupled components 
which can be easily used by the users free of cost.    

## Whats new in Agent(APPSeCONNECT Sync tool)    

* Even though we started supporting parallel sync during execution of touchpoint we truly implemented the feature with the present release. The present release can execute scheduled touchpoint in parallel which will ensure the data is near real – time even if you have scheduled it over time.   
* We have provided enhanced scheduler for APPSeCONNECT The new scheduler for APPSeCONNECT allows you to specify specific time for performing sync operation.  
* We have enhanced the activity watcher to include more performance statistics. The activity watcher allows you to track scheduler performance and also perform optimization on your scheduler.  
* We introduced the new Plugin Model for APPSeCONNECT which opens infinite possibilities over agent and you as an ISV can program on specific features of APPSeCONNECT.  
* With lot of bug fixes and finding out critical issues and solving them gives an edge to use the new Agent.  

## Cloud
* APPSeCONNECT cloud is now tracking your activities. It is now just a click away to identify what you or your administrator changed in our portal.  
* We have also worked on our wizard to ensure you get better user experience.  

## Administration
* For ISVs and Implementers, we now provide new look and feel for administrative portal.
* We have introduced new layouts, new menu, search capabilities all through our site to ensure you get important things at your fingertip.
* We enhanced our language to ensure you get better grip on data while you define your logic on transformation.
* On security, we ensure your account gets locked automatically after a certain interval, so as to have less risk of your account being compromised.

## Integrations
On integration side, we have worked a lot on introducing the new connector for SAP B1 and Magento 2.0. Being an early adopter of Magento 2.0 we worked together with Magento itself to ensure we offer best breed connector for the same.
Here are some of the integration points we have worked on:  
* Order Sync    
* Delivery Sync    
* Invoice Sync    
* Inventory Sync    
* Stock Sync    
* Customer Sync    
* Product Sync etc.    

We have used REST protocol to deliver our integration using Magneto 2.0.  
* We have also worked on Magento 3.0 Adapter to provide support for Realtime 
touchpoints.      
* We have identified some bugs on Amazon, Shopify, Ebay and SAP B1 and fixed it.    

## Extensions
We have released a new B2B extension for Magento 2. The B2B extension can be plugged into an existing Magento installation and get all the benefits of our all new extensions. Here is a list of all features:
* Manage Pricelist through Admin portal of Magento.    
* Assigning Sales representative to a customer.    
* Manage Sales representatives from Portal.    
* Add new contact person to an account.    
* We allow customer specific product categories  
 

Other than these, we have also extended some of the existing functionalities of our old offerings:
* We now provide support for Multiple Websites from SAP B1 add-on.       
* We have successfully certified our Dynamics NAV Extension from Microsoft.        
* We have also fixed some bugs on Magento 1.0 B2C and B2B extension.      

With this release, we have changed the status of our 3.0 release from BETA to 
Release which means all of our 2.X releases are now obsolete. With the power of 
3.0 and delivery of new connectors supporting the new release, it makes you as a 
customer easier to detect and fix problems. Magento 2 being added to our whole 
bunch of connectors help early migrators find solutions immediately.     

 As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 
