---
title: "Q3 Release Version 4.0.0"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    2018Release:
        title: "Q3 V 4.0.0"
        weight: 2
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: 2018Q3Release
---
Product Release Version: 4.0.0     
Release notes were published and last revised in October 2018. 
Updates in this release include New Feature Development & Enhancements, 
Integration Enhancements, Adapters.  

Log in to [portal](https://portal.appseconnect.com/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2f#!) to access the latest version of Workflow, 
API Manager etc. or to download the latest version of APPSeCONNECT AGENT.
    
**Highlights of the release features are mentioned below**.  

## New Apps Supported  

* Rain POS  
* [Zoho CRM V2.0](/connectors/zohocrmv2/)  

## New Features & Enhancements  

**Enhancements**    


* As an implementer, you can enable custom rules for the mapping of address complex attribute mapping schedule, when required.   
This is due to the availability of template rules to define the rendering of the XML data.    
* The user can now manage ‘LookUp’ hassle-free as it gives an option to import bulk data & delete bulk data which diminishes the working time and effort.    
* Supports mapping namespace handling (Application / Integration / Entity) which is visible in the mapping tree.    
* The user can now perform mapping which gets visible in the mapping tree. Namespaces are visible in the mapping tree thereby the user gets the privilege to add or edit new namespace directly on the tree.    
* The user can see all the options on mapping tree which is placed under a menu for easy accessibility when required. This is the usability of Mapping UX Enhancement.    
* Easy backup & restoration of Agent Configuration.
* APPSeCONNECT Support Ticket Page has got a new dimension as the user can now view the list of support ticket as per need, as there is no set limitation to the view list.  

**New Features**

**Introducing APPSeCONNECT API Management**

* APPSeCONNECTs new & robust [API management](/api-management/overview/) feature is a solution to agile development frameworks for both internal and external use and the user gets many exciting functionalities under one umbrella.  
* APPSeCONNECT API Policies provide a powerful capability of the system that allows the user to change the behaviour of the API through configuration. The user can easily add/ remove any policy on demand basis, thus ensuring consistency between multiple API implementations and versions.  
* Using this API Management feature, the user can perform real-time data processing over webhook, create proxy layer and can convert XML-JSON-XML.  
* The APPSeCONNECT API Management feature protects the API from misuse by wrapping it in security procedures and policies. The API security system supports SSL and TLS as well as message-based encryption and decryption. Thus, the user will get a hassle-free security system while working with the newly launched feature.  

**Enabling Touchpoint creation from Workflow Management module**

Integration becomes more powerful when the user saves time in running the business. Therefore, to ease the time factor APPSeCONNECT introduces the touchpoint creation capability directly from the workflow module and the steps are also reduced in the workflow execution process.
The user can now check the active and production ready status for the touchpoints and can execute the workflow using the cloud agent.

**Searching feature for Connection Management**

* APPSeCONNECT portal is evolving with every release and now the user will get another noteworthy feature in the Connection Management module.
* The user can now easily [search connection](/getting%20started/configurations-for-integration/#configuring-connector-while-creating-connection) within an organization & check the status for connector within an organization.

**Releasing Public Documentation Portal Library**

Quality documentation is the hallmark of any vigorous software. Also, maintaining a robust compilation of information detailing all the ins and outs is paramount. The user will now get Public Documentation Portal Library from APPSeCONNECT which will be enriched with every release.

**Security and Privacy Enhancements**
 
**Enabling APPSeCONNECT Encryption OR Decryption Key Dynamic**    
The user can now have the dynamic key for encryption/decryption to secure sensitive 
data of the organization such that the different components of APPSeCONNECT like 
portal, OP Agent, and Cloud agent are safe. Also, the user can use the said dynamic
 key for encryption and decryption.

**Robust API Identity Mapping**
The user can easily secure APIs defined in the portal. The Pluggable Authorization module is manageable which enables easy building and distribution of customer module. The user can use OAuth 2.0 Authentication & Basic Authentication.
Applications permission grant request handler

The user will grant the permission to access API; this feature will help the 
developer to design the credential form to implement application grant flow.


## Integration Enhancements

**Priority- Shopify**    
This feature syncs data from Priority ERP to Shopify eCommerce and vice versa so that the user sync requirements between Priority and Shopify are met.

**Sage300- Shopify**     
This feature syncs data from Sage 300 ERP to Shopify eCommerce and vice versa so that user sync requirements between Sage 300 and Shopify are met. 

**SAP S/L - Magento2 B2B**     
This feature syncs data from SAP S/L ERP to Magento 2 B2B eCommerce and vice versa so that user sync requirements between SAP S/L and Magento 2 B2B are met.

**SAP S/L - WooCommerce**     
This feature syncs data from SAP S/L ERP to WooCommerce eCommerce and vice versa so that user sync requirements between SAP S/L to WooCommerce are met. 

**SAP S/L- ZOHO CRM**     
This feature syncs data from SAP S/L ERP to ZOHO CRM and vice versa so that user sync requirements between SAP S/L to ZOHO CRM are met.

**SAP Business ByDesign - Magento 2.0**     
This feature syncs data from SAP Business ByDesign to Magento 2 eCommerce and vice versa so that user sync requirements between SAP Business ByDesign to Magento 2.0 are met. 

**SAP Business One - Rain POS**     
This feature syncs data from SAP Business One ERP to Rain POS and vice versa so that user sync requirements between SAP Business One to Rain POS are met. 

 As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com) 

