---
title: "2020-Q2 Version 2.0 Hotfix Release Note"
toc: true
tag: developers
category: "release-notes"
menus: 
    Q2Release:
        title: "Q2 V2.0 Hotfix Release Note"
        weight: 2
        icon: fa fa-wpexplorer
        identifier: Q2V2hotfixRelease
---
This document highlights the details of V2.0 hotfix(s) done for the 2020 Q2 Release. This hotfix release introduces few minor improvements and bug fixes. 

## Hotfix Release Details 

We have introduced our APPSeCONNECT 2020-21 Q2 release which features an extensive update to its 
features. This Hotfix Release Note lists you with the issues and resolutions of the updates of V2.0.

### Design 

In the 2020 Q2 Release where we have worked on the overall Design, Deploy and Manage Section of the portal but we have major 
hotfixes done in Deploy & Manage section which is mentioned below. 

### Deploy
- **Issue - Product Syncing with linked items was successfull in Magento2 Application, resync bucket was showing unprocessed status.**  
**Resolution** - With this hotfix, users should now  be able to view appropiate success message in resync bucket for product synced with linked items. 

- **Issue - Erroneus message display for Timeout Log (available in logbucket) with data sync.**  
**Resolution** - Users should now  be able to view proper message in Timeout Log with data sync.  

- **Issue - After Autosync retry of OP Agent at 3.49 PM status remains stop pending & autosync does not re-start automatically.**  
**Resolution** -  Users should now be able to work with autosync uninterruptedly, as Improvement of the control of Autosync Service is done.

- **Issue - Disabling Enable Environment in OP Agent, sync process was stopped displaying stop pending status**  
**Resolution** - Users should now be able to work uninterruptedly, as Improvement of the control of sync service is done.  

- **Issue - Customer Syncing with address was successfull in Magento2 Application resync bucket was showing unprocessed status.**   
**Resolution** - Users should now  be able to view appropiate success message in resync bucket for customer synced with address.   

### Manage

- **Issue - Workflow Execution Transactional data triggered log to occupy huge server space within minimum timespan of execution**      
**Resolution** - Users working with maximum data should now be able to work smoothly without generation of huge log configurational files.      
  
- **Issue- Improper Token Generation for Rest Supported App during Integration was fetching credential mapping errors in the other application (SAP B1)**      
**Resolution** - With this hotfix, Enhancement in Rest Adapter Token Generation has been given and the issue has been resolved.      
  
- **Issue- SAP B1 Application was not compatabile with Database Type, SQL Server 2019**  
**Resolution** - SAP B1 Application is now compatabile with SQL Server 2019.  

## Component Versioning Details


|Area|Component|Version|
|----|----------|-------|
|Agent| On-Premise|4.7.6.0|
|Adapter|Rest| 4.1.23.0|
|Adapter|SAP B1| 4.4.8.1|
|Adapter|Magento| 4.6.8.3|

As always for any support, please [mail us](support@appseconnect.com).